these engaging chicks are so inquisitive
but you only have to sit down to their
own level for them all together around
you to try and discover what sort of
creature you are
they went match that last summer there
does coming to the end of their first
winter during that period their parents
were out at sea cutting food for them
but each stick was only stared about
once every three weeks left themselves
for so long they've all gathered
together to form immense treasures
because we live on the coast
I met NREL says look I love your work
and that was fantastic
oh there's something just about him just
the way he the way he moves the way he
speaks it's very relaxing I being not
from no yes not Brown dragons yeah it's
like the sound of a crackling fire or
something is David Attenborough in the
warmth that you get from him because
he's very cool I definitely have loved
the David Attenborough ya know like I
don't know why you wouldn't love David
Allen Bret Stevie I'm a bigger number
doesn't make any mess he doesn't upset
your relatives like tuba Don Brown like
you're amazing I look up for him in the
respect and love that you would for
almost a parent or a like a mentor a
mentor exactly here has been a natural
mentor I don't have as well yeah
listen to this one this is a pigeon oh
hey Michael here my favorite moment is a
moment I can't get out of my head
endurance hunts humans against the rest
of nature without sharp fangs or talons
just the sheer ability to not give up